"Happy Synthesizer"
"Kizuna AI"
(happii shinsesaiza kimi no mune no oku made)
♪Happy Synthesizer, I'll play you a melody♪
(todoku you na merodi kanaderu yo)
♪That will reach into your heart♪
(hakanaku chitta awai kataomoi)
♪Fleeting one-sided love that is quickly lost♪
(waraibanashi da ne ima to nareba)
♪Is a funny story now that I think about it♪
(miru mono subete kagayaite mieta)
♪Everything I saw looked like it sparkled♪
(ano hibi ga kirei ni waratteru yo)
♪Those days were smiling beautifully♪
(gaman suru koto dake oboenakya ikenai no?)
♪Is all I have to remember grinning and bearing it?♪
("otona ni natte choudai ne?" naranakute ii yo)
♪"Will you become an adult?" I don't have to♪
(shiranai koto bakari shiranai nante ienakute)
♪So much I didn't know, but I couldn't admit it♪
("taihen oniai de" uso tsuite gomen ne)
♪"We're just right for each other." I'm sorry, it was a lie♪
(happii shinsesaiza kimi no mune no oku made)
♪Happy Synthesizer, I'll play you a melody♪
(todoku you na merodi kanaderu yo)
♪That will reach into your heart♪
(tsumaranai "tatemae" ya 'ya na koto zenbu)
♪Pointless "facades" and things you dislike♪
(keshite ageru kara kono oto de)
♪I'll erase them all for you with this sound♪
(nan no torie mo nai boku ni tada hitotsu)
♪I'm not much good for anything, but there's just one thing♪
(sukoshi da kedo dekiru koto)
♪I can do even though it's not much♪
(kokoro odoraseru kazaranai kotoba)
♪I'll convey plain but rousing words♪
(denshion de tsutaeru yo)
♪Through electronic sounds♪
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Original song produced by EasyPop feat. Megurine Luka and GUMI
Timed by Loserbait